Y
[Music]
and the world
Y
yes
Yes Yes
adonis and I left youtube
with lettuce
Y
Hello
in the case
bye
[Music]
but with ease
mental
will be like this
for use
cool
if the area
and when signing
they were traders
in the countryside
the English themselves
if that plane
I had pressure
of salt
higher
from exile to doing the fulfills
i
the mind
[Music]
the throne
silva a song
the websites of half
it gets
yes
there are many people all
editor
here
and yes
city
yes
yes yes
and fight
i
and Uruguay
what I hope is the last
I sought peace was the shell
hey jude
and hard
Y
in the future
blue
h
there was the space that will be decisive and
which will include
never
with fins only one
Yes Yes
[Music]
soft is yes
peace
[Music]
a closing approach
ah
look with weight service
one
[Music]
do not
no no no
when you and you
two
in the plant